currently have 3 water cups on my nightstand. say what u want but we’re chillin
do u think ratatouille could out pizza the hut
just googled “hot babes” while watching football. man, what’s better than being a dude? oh i know. boobs
yes the rumors are true i do accept cold hard cash as a christmas gift
crazy how girls start hitting u up once u fix ur posture
bro it’s my half birthday just give me one sun chip
y’all mind if i have a good week
not to turn anyone on but me and harry styles are the same age
my family’s in the basement watching home alone and didn’t even ask me if i wanted to join. i’ve never felt pain quite like this
i was really 16 years old watching icarly
just wanna snowboard with lil uzi and forget about everything
i’m never drinking again 

siri tweet this at 10:36 AM central time on new year’s day. i got a good feeling about this one
i don’t have twitter. i’ve never tweeted
dick’s sporting goods is my safe haven in the mall. the edgy teens never dare to set foot in there. especially the outdoors section
so grandma i was thinking maybe u could hop on my podcast on christmas? maybe talk about ur experiences being old as shit
not having beats by dre headphones in high school was why i never had a date to prom
u ever just wake up and be like...yeah alright...okay for sure...okay yeah
she’s wearing ur hoodie but my crewneck is in her closet
i’m at ur girl’s singing christmas carols
me and my friends are gonna huddle up like volleyball players whenever one gets denied by a girl at the bar
u ever just start brushing ur teeth and forget about everything
according to my calculations it’s almost time to hit the hay
if ur hands are sweaty we don’t have to shake we can just chest bump bro
my mom is making spaghetti. fuck the haters
hey bro i noticed u haven’t hung up any christmas lights is everything good
she’s making christmas cookies with her bf so i’m about to post pics of me chopping down a christmas tree shirtless
i run out of dawn dish soap way too fast. i don’t do dishes i just clean a shit ton of ducklings
dancing is my passion. it’s my everything. when i’m moving my hips...that’s me. the real me &lt;3
ur gpa doesn’t matter in the real world. but u know what does matter? kohl’s cash
when drake said “i only love my bed and my mama i’m sorry” that’s when i knew we couldn’t be friends. do u not love ur boys drake
y’all mind if i have a good week
girl i would knit a sweater for u
finally started watching brooklyn nine-nine and all i can say is detective diaz if ur reading this please dm me
just because it’s nicknamed snow doesn’t mean santa wants u snorting it up ur nose. have fun getting coal for christmas
santa saw what u did at the bar crawl today
it’s friday the 13th and i’m feeling flirtatious
i would like to wish a happy friday to my mother, missy elliott, and pitbull aka mr. worldwide. dale
good morning @pissboymcgee is my favorite twitter account let’s get him to 100k
i’ve always wanted to say “okay fellas, now let’s get in formation” but i’ve never really had the opportunity
hey do u think u could venmo me for holding the door open for u earlier i saved u time and time is money lol
if i go to a club and they don’t play pon de replay by rihanna i don’t return to that club. it’s simple
some of u are afraid to drink from the sink and it makes me profoundly sad
girls love dudes that skateboard but i’m telling u...2020 is year of the rollerblader
sorry i didn’t text back me and the boys were taking golden hour pics
i know i made fun of ur live laugh love sign, but deep down...that’s all i want in life
i know i made fun of ur live laugh love sign, but deep down...that’s all i want in life
some people like to imagine their body as a temple. i like to imagine mine as a best buy
u know how a song can get ruined because of ur ex i wonder if bible verses get ruined when religious couples break up. “that was our verse”
idk why minivans get made fun of. they’re the only cars with dvd players. u can’t watch remember the titans in a sports car
sometimes u just need to step away and go feed some ducks at the park
smh (shaking my head)
eating lunch again. i honestly can’t believe this
y’all mind if i have a good week
well would u look at that, it’s this sweetie pie’s bedtime
i still have acne, which means i’m still going through puberty, so if i ever act moody that’s why &lt;3
i bet tinder is crazy in halloweentown
imagine hearing big girls don’t cry by fergie live...i just got chills
if i owned a sword i bet i’d have a gf
i really just hangout with myself all day. we have fun too. we’re about to get ice cream
hey bro is it cool if i have a kraft single from ur fridge
just once i wish i could experience a girls night out
whenever i walk by someone else with wired headphones i give them a nod they usually don’t nod back but it’s cool i still respect them
girls turn 22 and put “20 something” in their bio
i’ve never cried in my life
ugly christmas sweater parties are totally played out. it’s time for sexy turtleneck parties
feel like all of us peaked in 5th grade but we’re all too uncomfortable to talk about it
i listened to hips don’t lie by shakira 4,586 times this year
dudes get a sectional sofa and start acting different
2020 is the year i get spotify premium and a gf
white wine makes me wanna move to the suburbs and start a family with a girl named katelyn
i take a sip of wine and say “ahh this is the stuff” then take a selfie and post it to my snapchat story. just another wine wednesday
we need to get rid of all uncomfortable chairs. if u sit in a chair and it sucks throw it out. if it’s a big chair ask someone to help u
for real tho i’m about to walk to the grocery store in my new jeans to pick up a rotisserie chicken keep ur girl at home
i never fucked wayne i never fucked drake. goodnight
that’s so raven changed my life bro
gonna hop in the shower and just shampoo my hair to sza
girl i didn’t take 5 years of swim lessons for nothing i will backstroke to ur place rn if u want me to
sometimes u just gotta lol (laugh out loud)
if i was a landlord i would make rent free as long as my tenants played a game of kickball with me once a week
she asked me what i’m doing. i said i’m in bed. snug as a bug
is instagram getting rid of likes or not. my duck face selfie is ready to be posted
sorry can’t come to ur gender reveal haven’t gotten my flu shot yet and don’t wanna risk getting sick sharing the baby blue beer bong
y’all mind if i have a good week
hope everyone gets a good night sleep. i really mean that. i’m being so fucking serious right now
does anyone know how to hold a baby i might have to hold one on christmas
a few people have told me they wish i tweeted more dirty so here it goes 

penis vagina std 69 porn 

hell yeah baby
does anyone on this website know what it’s like to be in love
we as a nation need to stop sleeping on volleyball. very fun to watch. bump set spike bitch
once i get my electric toothbrush for christmas it’s over for all of u
sorry if i’m acting different my mom made pancakes this morning i’m just happy bro
hope that 60 inch 4k flat screen tv u bought last night makes u feel complete
are elves paid a fair wage
turkeys are so ugly man. i’m actually pissed off about it. i need to go to bed
had the weakest fit today so i’ve decided i’m gonna rock an adidas tracksuit on christmas
pie wants to be cake so bad bro
2 drinks deep feeling extremely grateful
take that carhartt beanie off. let gam gam see ur hair
why do turkeys look like that. what’s hanging from ur neck bro
i’m thankful for lil uzi, shia labeouf, and wii sports
the holidays means getting shown up by 3 year olds in brand new sweater vests and boots
when i’m eating my morning cereal, my mind is completely clear. all my worries fade. it’s just me and the bowl...bonding
thinking about my future gf. i bet she’ll have a big forehead
telling girls at the bar that kacey musgraves has liked 2 of my tweets
finding a balance between being a twitter heartthrob and an insta baddie isn’t easy but someone has to do it
do u guys think my parents can tell i just took some cbd
i have 0 cavities so my dad is gonna take me to the pizza hut buffet. u already know i’ll be rocking my life is good shirt
just left the dentist lmk if u need floss i got it for the low
thinking about pulling up to thanksgiving in a tesla truck. mashed potatoes riding shotgun
i got 3 facebook friend requests today AND i’m back in my hometown. it’s like high school all over again. i still have acne too
if i vote on ur instagram poll it doesn’t mean we’re cool. i’m simply just exercising my right to vote
y’all mind if i have a good week
goodnight zendaya. this isn’t flirtatious at all. u have a bf and i respect that. just saying goodnight
goodnight zendaya. this isn’t flirtatious at all. u have a bf and i respect that. just saying goodnight
how do dimples do that
u think the kool-aid man could break through the great wall of china
people act like if they saw baby yoda on the street they wouldn’t call the cops
having a few babes like ur instagram is one thing, but when all ur boys like it? man, my heart is so full
if she goes to home depot with him, it’s over bro. move on. find someone else
it’s 1:37 PM. i just rolled out of bed and i’m eating a bowl of cereal. my apartment is an absolute mess...but my heart is full
i just want a girl with 0 cavities. why is that so hard to come by these days
i can’t even lie i’m looking to get a lil silly tonight
my apartment building is serving free pizza in the lobby tonight. bet she wishes she could have me back now
people that take the stairs instead of the escalator think they’re so much better than u. like ur gonna live longer than me congrats
i’m really out here eating lunch every single day. never tell me i’m not on my grind
haven’t been myself lately. can’t even remember the last time i woke up in beast mode
if ur friendsgiving is more than 5 people i know it’s fake quit acting like u have more than 5 friends
most days i wonder if being twitter’s heartthrob is even worth it
in my opinion i am cool
girls in 2012 would leave the house in uggs, leggings, and a north face fleece thinking they were that bitch. what a wild decade it’s been
dudes will talk shit in a pair of asics. bro go for a run
would like to quickly inform the haters that i’m eating lunch. tastes good too
“the haters are as active as ever” - greta thunberg (2019)
don’t come over bro i have a tummy ache
i have 3 pillows. one sucks ass one’s okay and one’s pretty good. but i love them all equally
sitting criss cross applesauce just thinking
boobs 

did this tweet make u uncomfortable? well good it was inappropriate
the sun be like do u miss me
i’m definitely running for president when i’m 35 to get my IG followers up
teen yoda vaped i just know it
when i get the hiccups bro...nothing else matters. it’s just me and my hiccups. trying to work it out
gonna make a snowman this winter and get emotionally attached to it so i can just sob once it melts
y’all mind if i have a good week
once instagram gets rid of likes i’m posting 3 selfies a day idgaf
ur girl just saw me in my corduroy pants. the tight ones too. i’m sorry man
if we get slushies together...ur my bro for life
sometimes u gotta log off and go laser tagging to get ur mind right. maybe get a slushie too
just realized cheerleaders are called cheerleaders because they lead the cheers. man that’s crazy
my dad’s name is bill, which is a super sick dad name. what’s ur dad’s name
sexy woman: are u the guy that deletes tweets 

me: yes 

sexy woman: kiss me
i saw the 60 second story of u on a mechanical bull last night. very cool. watched every second
bro i just made banana bread come over
sometimes i feel like tony the tiger doesn’t want what’s best for me
it’s been brought to my attention that working out and eating right is important
eating lunch all alone. headphones in. listening to phil collins
fuck lord farquaad. goodnight
gonna make toast and just forget about everything
if i start wearing striped guess shirts will it get me a gf
it’s world kindness day so i thought i’d just check in and make sure ur bf is being kind to u. is he? cause i’ve heard some things. just lmk
almost back to my complete pale state. i will be a ghost by christmas. just floating around the christmas tree. checking out the ornaments
imagine what bill nye and jojo siwa could accomplish if we put their minds together
pitbull could be anywhere right now. he’s mr. worldwide. he could be in brazil or ur basement. u just never know
if i was the kid in home alone i would’ve just cried and walked to my neighbors and the movie would’ve been over
turn off the bluetooth on ur phone bro save that battery what if she facetimes u she won’t but what if
weird day. y’all mind if i hit the hay
i have 3 outfits
excuse me, but my lips are chapped, so why don’t u try being a little bit nicer to me
y’all mind if i have a good week
bro it’s ur turn to tuck me in
bro come over we’re making spaghetti
does domino’s deliver to hogwarts or did harry have to eat digiorno
do u think voldemort could make a reverse layup
just another day being an absolute sweetie pie
a girl kissed me on the cheek last night. i can’t stop smiling
i’m not on tinder anymore. i’m way over that. i go to dave &amp; busters now
has anyone noticed it’s been getting colder out
u miss ur bangs but do ur bangs miss u? something to think about
hope everyone has a great day today. none of us will probably find love but that’s okay. we have twitter
i unsend my unread instagram dm’s to her and now nothing remains. i have been cleansed of all my sins. i am pure
got a haircut and the boys didn’t even notice. i can’t even look at our 2016 beer olympics trophy anymore
jason derulo changed my life bro
my iphone is starting to slow down right before the holidays. coincidence? no. steve jobs acts like i won’t confront him in heaven
if u girls don’t stop tagging me in these instagram giveaways...u think i need fall boots?? tag emily she’s still wearing her chunky filas
according to multiple sources harry styles doesn’t vape, he just does shrooms. u all have my permission to stream his album
does harry styles vape
y’all mind if i have a good week
emo twitter assemble
it’s really gonna be dark at 5 tonight emo twitter is about to go OFF
taking every instagram username possible with her first name and his last name so when they get married she can’t change it
u don’t have to chug the beer man. drink it as fast as u would like. i’ll be ur friend either way
do u guys think i’m cool
hey i know we haven’t talked since high school but we’re celebrating our 10 year friendversary on facebook. what are u up to tonight lol
vicky is such an aggressive name. i’m scared of all vicky’s. please don’t murder me vicky
i sing unwritten by natasha bedingfield out my window. that’s when the boys know it’s time to come over
feel like mike wazowski could’ve really benefited from cbd
somebody asked me if i had any hobbies last night. pretty fucked up
did u hook up with the guy in the angry birds costume yes or no
didn’t hear from team snapchat for months and they thought they could just pop in and wish me a happy haloween. i don’t wanna hear it
why am i so pissed off rn. it’s halloween. michael myers i will kick ur ass
how are u gonna tell me i can’t do something? i’m a starship baby i was meant to fly
listening to 2010 nicki minaj my mind has never been so clear
anyone else notice the leaves changed colors? they’re like yellow and red now lol
RIP to my plant. i tried man. u know that
she just posted a boomerang of her clinking drinks with him on her story. i’ve never felt pain like this
yeah we go way back. he filmed my keke challenge
thinking about the time i was on the train and one girl whispered “is that caucasian james” and her friend whispered back “no”
people always talking about how smart dolphins are. how about we stop talking and have them take the ACT
when i’m all snuggled up in bed feeling warm and toasty...that’s the real me bro
when will my high school invite me back to speak to the students about what it takes to be an insta baddie
u’ve been acting crabby bro do u want some of my honeycrisp apple
haven’t seen one paul blart mall cop costume. i swear i was born in the wrong generation
all i’m saying is don’t come crawling back to me once i start breaking out the turtlenecks
he just took pre workout bro don’t fw him
y’all mind if i have a good week
i bet obama is nice at wii golf
some girl unfollowed me on ig but i’ll still occasionally like her posts and i think that says a lot about my character
2020 is year of the gf
the only friends i had in 7th grade were the penguins of madagascar
fellas it’s okay to sit while u pee sometimes u just gotta rest ur legs after loving and supporting ur boys all day
if i was taller and more athletic and better at basketball i would be in the nba
going out tonight pants uncuffed there’s no rules anything can happen
going out tonight pants uncuffed there’s no rules anything can happen
i’m in iowa looking for love. just roaming the corn fields
y’all mind if i have a few drinks
she broke up with me cause i had no veins on my arms
i’m not listening to kanye’s new album. but u know what i am listening to? my heart
look into the mirror. what do u see? i see someone that’s gonna crack open some cold ones with the boys this weekend
why wasn’t i invited to ur wedding? we were lab partners bro
me and the boys bring it in for a group hug after each glass of wine. each hug longer than the last. wine wednesdays forever
gonna hangout with some friends later. probably have a few drinks and talk negatively about others to make us feel better about ourselves
hope everyone has a great day. even nursing students
texting a hot girl. she’s hot
she likes basketball so i’m sending her a pic of me with nothing but nike elite socks on
i think some music is good and some music is bad. i like to listen to the music that i think is good
oh ur bf is in med school? nice. i bet he’s pretty busy. probably makes it hard for him to spend time with u
i’ll be pretty bummed when the geico gecko dies. super nice dude
u could become the joker or u could become pennywise and have the entire sewer system to urself just think about it bro
if u don’t live within 5 miles of me i’m not interested. i don’t do the long distance thing i deleted skype off my laptop
late night poops really get u thinking
the leaves are changing and so am i (i’m getting more acne)
men don’t want women wearing chunky filas because they know how brutal a kick to the nuts would be
week is off to a terrible start but i will prevail *lil uzi shoulder roll*
she’s texting u but she’s sexting the dude with the portable dvd player
u think obama gets the sunday scaries
how much u think gibby made off icarly i bet he drives a tesla
imagine what raccoons will accomplish once they learn how to use imovie
crows be like “caw! caw!” stfu ur ugly
she said yes to the dress it’s time to move on bro
hold on mom one of my internet friends just tweeted at me so i must tweet back so they let me sleep on their couch when i visit their city
frank ocean is good
several drinks deep at this wedding and i can’t stop thinking about the penguins. we gotta stop global warming. i’m not ready to let them go
i’m back home in madison, wi (a college town) looking to confiscate every juul in sight
i drank alcohol before i was 21. if u want to unfollow me i understand
fellas it’s almost 2020 if u wanna cover ur eyes during the scary parts of movies that’s okay
when i’m in best buy i mean business. i’m not here to flirt. now can u please direct me to the nintendo 3ds section
girls asking me to be their wedding date like i won’t embarrass their entire family on the dance floor. play it safe and bring brian
she’s laying in his bed but she’s running through my mind
calling it now kylie jenner will have the #1 album of 2020
i will find love
people always asking me if i miss school. i haven’t had to cite my sources in years i’m glowing
if i’m ever crabby on here it’s because my mom forgot to pack fruit snacks with my lunch
dudes be like “my day ones” bro u met junior year of college
are the kids from jon and kate plus 8 vaping yet
i’ve decided to not run for president
everybody is so crabby on tuesdays. wanna borrow my bop it bro it might cheer u up
my entire family is aware of my twitter now so i’m sad to announce i can’t attend thanksgiving this year due to a torn acl and mononucleosis
if u see me riding a bird scooter shirtless in ur city 2 drinks deep mind ur business
feel like frat boys don’t body slam tables like they used to. spiked seltzers changed them
y’all mind if i have a good week
i’m gonna cry so hard when my next gf breaks up with me
how will i tell my children that i won’t retweet their shitty tweets
just saw a boob on my timeline. i’m literally shaking. i swear i was born in the wrong generation
u don’t tweet for 2 days and people be like “yo u good???” yeah man i’ve just been hanging with my mom
just thanked god it’s friday. he said no problem man
harry styles is super famous. is anyone else noticing this
i’m glad my name isn’t tim. i’m not saying tim is a bad name, i’m just saying i’m glad it’s not mine
i just wanna go out for ice cream with my boys
wait it’s thursday? yooooooo. that means tomorrow is friday. hell yeah dude. i love friday
i’m not dating kylie jenner lol. u guys are weird to think that haha
what if we had a good day lol
listening to swimming, the fifth studio album by mac miller. just thinking
the oj simpson freeway chase except it’s me on a bird scooter
i’m with ur girl sitting criss cross applesauce
i just wanna push lil uzi on the swings and get ice cream after
girls stop using the freckle filter on ig and text him back he loves u
it seems every form of celebrity likes my twitter except athletes. what if i told u i tore my acl tweeting
she deserved a man with 2 ply toilet paper and i couldn’t provide that for her. just glad she’s at his place wiping in peace
never liked scarves. oh is ur neck cold? shut up
y’all mind if i have a good week
­
women have officially broke out their big floppy fall hats. had to walk 10 feet around a girl just to get by her
yes i’m day drinking. yes i’m shaking ass
today is the day i find love. i’m speaking it into existence. my heart is beating out of my chest omg &lt;3
2 drinks deep acting like a silly goose
if u think i’m mad at u i’m not i haven’t been mad at someone since 2015 u can come over and play wii if u want man just ask
if u see me out today with my headphones in just know i’m listening to natasha bedingfield and i’d appreciate it if u didn’t interrupt her
me and the guys are gonna hit the woah later if u wanna come
imagining how different my life would be if i wasn’t extremely attractive
people always tell me i’ll never find love without AC or wall decorations but rihanna found love in a hopeless place so anything is possible
“remember son, ur built ford tough” - a redneck father to his kid right before his football game
under this $5 t-shirt from the old navy clearance rack lies a broken heart
girls be like “it’s so cold in here” take ur lululemon leggings back to the hot yoga studio or quit complaining
my high school crush just uploaded a pic with a ring on her finger to her facebook story. pain
snape and lord farquaad gotta be related
i’m an extremely elusive person. always on the move. oh u heard i was at best buy? well guess what now i’m at petsmart
wake up. send her duck face selfie. head out the door. tuesday i’m ready for u
i would gladly push joe keery’s bangs to the side, kiss him on the forehead, and tuck him in
i just wanna visit different cities and ride bird scooters around 2 drinks deep with my boys
joe keery got his bangs for him. not for u
people tell u not to kill spiders but what if the spider is killing the vibe
something about a woman in rollerblades...lemme hop on ur back and let’s get lost
i didn’t mind getting pantsed in middle school cause my spongebob boxers were honestly a flex
y’all mind if i have a good week
u think ur life is hard? i’m still hungover wearing size 13 nike’s. MEN’S size 13 nike’s
cashier: how are u today 

me, checking out with gatorade and tylenol extra strength: good
i’m drunk rn and just got the call from hagrid that shit is going down at hogwarts. bro call harry wtf am i gonna do
barbers will cut the inches off ur hair but won’t cut the fakes out of ur life...really makes u think
i’d have a gf if i went by jimmy, but i’d have a WIFE if i went by jimbo
my heart is racing
i don’t have a finsta. why keep this ass a secret
proud to announce that i won’t be eating cereal for dinner tonight and will be upgrading to grilled cheese
dudes walk around with a jug of water like they’re about to dig holes at camp green lake with stanley yelnats
i ended juuling. now it’s up to me to end global warming. tired of carrying this planet on my back
after lots of thought and prayer, i’ve decided to have a few drinks tonight
does the tall girl in that new netflix movie grab rim in gym class
i got the lowest ACT score out of all my friends in high school and guess who ended up with the most twitter followers. me
u don’t know speed until you’ve seen a horse girl gallop home from the bars at 2am
u ever feel like shit lol
mermaids aren’t real because if they were one would’ve seen my breaststroke by now and would’ve tried to have sex with me
about to post “i’m so single lol message meeeee :)” on linkedin
y’all mind if i have a good week
y’all mind if i have a good week
going to the gas station and smelling the gasoline just to feel something
girls will tell u they don’t do drugs then spend an entire sunday getting high sniffing candles at bed bath &amp; beyond
if i’m being completely honest i didn’t have a hot girl summer. but that doesn’t mean i can’t have a facebook mom fall
when u wake up and can’t find ur wallet but end up finding it in ur basketball shorts cause u blacked out and went hooping at 2am &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
zendaya
sophomore year of college me could put back 13-15 beers if he wanted to. now i drink 5 spiked seltzers and start sobbing for no reason
life hack: bring iceberg lettuce to the bar and take a big bite out of it after every drink to stay hydrated and avoid a hangover
just started drinking. blessed to have this opportunity
it’s the 21st of september and i’m feeling flirtatious
i’m drunk and just wanna say that we’re all gonna figure out this thing called life. i believe in us. zendaya
i wanna get divorced tonight
i’m the guy at the party cleaning the fish tank
planning on drinking enough to mingle with the opposite sex confidently
headed to the liquor store with my ass cheeks out
picture me as the t-shirt toss guy but instead of shirts i’m throwing out vibes
life is crazy and my ass is fat. it’s hard not to feel blessed on this beautiful friday
people always say “stop deleting tweets” but never say “stop global warming”...really makes u think
does anyone wanna snapchat me. you’ll instantly become my top friend which is pretty sick
my cousin my age has a stable job and just had a baby today. but whatever i’m absolutely dominating on twitter
no more saying “oh my god” it’s “sweet mother of pearl” from here on out
just texted her goodnight now waiting for a response. blessed to have this opportunity
u ever just go pee
one day when i’m rich and successful i’m going look back and miss these days chilling butt naked in bed tweeting about wanting a gf
remember when james charles got cancelled making me the most powerful james on the internet? girls were buying me drinks that week
there’s a vsco girl in all of us, some just choose not to unleash her
definitely telling people i have mono next time i’m sick so at the very least they think i made out with someone
sometimes u just gotta say “oh what the heck” and hit the hay
i’m afraid of who i might become once it starts getting dark at 5 again. i might be full goth by christmas
followed gigi hadid on instagram a month ago and still haven’t gotten a follow back. i’ll give her 2 more weeks before i unfollow
y’all mind if i have a good week
can’t wait to start going to church to find a gf during christian girl autumn
pulling out my phone and tweeting “my heart is racing” right before my wife walks down the aisle on my wedding day
will a nose ring get me a gf
i’ve decided to be rihanna’s baby
imagine dating a girl named megan for 3 years and the day before u ask her to marry u she changes her instagram username to postmeglone
not everyone was born to tweet. some people were just born to share memes on instagram
people go to the fair now and be like “woah i feel like i’m in stranger things or euphoria right now lol”
sometimes u just gotta eat a bagel plain and that’s okay
T- thank 
G- god 
I- it’s 
S- saturday 

i replaced the F with an S cause it’s saturday and not friday. like this tweet if u love saturdays
“sorry can’t make it out tonight i brushed my teeth too hard with my new toothbrush and now have swollen gums” this is a text i just sent
this time of year is always tough for people with boats as they just start to realize they got used for a whole summer
i can believe it’s not butter if i’m being completely honest
sometimes i’ll put on brockhampton interviews close my eyes and pretend they’re in the room with me to feel less lonely
putting marvins room by drake on my instagram story it’s the only way she’ll understand how much pain i’m in
do u guys think i’ll ever find love be honest
oh that’s ur girl? then why did she put my tweet on her instagram story
why don’t u believe in urself? who do u think u are santa or something lol
girls believe in astrology but don’t believe in themselves. breaks my heart
girls believe in astrology but don’t believe in themselves. breaks my heart
i watch a boomerang of her and her bf clinking drinks at a fancy outdoor restaurant while i take another bite of my cereal
somewhere out there there’s a nail salon worker with a foot fetish just living the dream everyday
dudes get suspended from twitter and start acting like they belong in the salty spitoon
who was the first person to be like “yo let’s just build a fucking city”
u ever just go to bed
there’s people in idaho right now just chillin. crazy
some people bop to the top some don’t that’s life
if any of u need an internship on ur resume i give u permission to put “caucasian james intern” i will vouch for u
i will not cave and purchase the iphone 11. my iphone 5s with flappy bird is here to stay
ur bf tucks his shirt in for work but when’s the last time he tucked u in for bed? really makes u think
girls date a former boy scout he’ll never cheat it breaks the scout oath
“i love bad bitches that’s my fuckin’ problem” lol sick dude
i don’t need a stress ball i have my own ass to squeeze
the dude that used to say “where’s my hug?” in high school just got engaged to his girlfriend at a baseball game after dating for 8 months
y’all mind if i have a good week
i’m twitter’s sex symbol
what if we cleaned my apartment lol
why do models look so pissed on the runway like who hurt u? calvin klein?
ur bf will never be able to move his hips like me and u just gotta accept that
i’m not just a slut. i’m more than that
can david dobrik come laugh at everything i say i need a confidence boost
how much do i have to cuff my pants to find a gf i’m almost at my knees
i’m single lol
hug ur friends today. tell em that u love them and that their ass looks nice
hey girl is everything alright? u haven’t posted a boomerang at brunch
high school teachers have to deal with e-boys now and i think that alone should be why they get paid more
i was voted “most likely to stunt on the haters” in high school. crazy how it came true
if ur dating an NFL player ur single to me. what’s he gonna do? hurt me really bad? i have health insurance
if u ever see me in public just remember that i’m probably cooler than u...so u should be really nervous to talk to me
my funeral is gonna be chill u guys should come
date someone that’s chill lol
i’ve decided to be rich. thank u all for understanding
u know who wasn’t a hater? paul blart. and that man got his own movie. 2 if we’re being exact
it’s crazy cause we really r who we r
i can’t believe tomorrow is already christmas 

alexa, tweet this on december 24th at 8:45 pm 

alexa, now play bed rock by young money
how did harry potter never get a neutrogena brand deal he had excellent skin
if u wanted to be popular in high school all u had to do was quote geico commercials and have access to ur parents liquor cabinet
don’t sleep on me. don’t sleep with me either. there’s no room in this twin bed
nursing students are in the library right now pretending to study just highlighting random shit on their syllabus
if ur dating someone ur taken to me. what am i gonna do? get curved?
why do heads gotta ache like that
aliens can’t take all of us. the whales are here to stay. far too big to get abducted. i know they’ll hold it down when we’re all gone too
nobody has it all figured out. not even bill nye. so keep ur head up. goodnight
it appears i have a few haters. none that seem to be as hot as me. interesting...
day is almost over and still no labor day snap from team snapchat. i’m on the verge of tears
black eyed peas: what’s wrong with the world mama? people livin like they ain’t got no mamas 

3rd grade me: preach
it’s labor day which means cops aren’t working which means i can finally steal a target cement sphere
don’t call me or text me. i’m not doing shit until team snapchat wishes me a happy labor day
oh my gosh the barracuda that ate all of nemo’s siblings is at this bar this is so awkward
oh that’s ur girl? then why’d she use my tweet as her instagram caption
i think my plant is dying idk what to do i give it water and sunlight please help it doesn’t have health insurance
tipping the hot bartender an extra dollar so she thinks i’m doing well financially
but is his love for u bottomless? something to think about at brunch
she can’t see how handsome u look behind that vape cloud bro
i would definitely hookup with me. but not sure i’d date me from a financial perspective
y’all mind if i start drinking
ur bf got accepted into grad school but when’s the last time he accepted u for who u truly are? something to think about
just thanked god that it’s friday. have u? like this tweet for one thank. remember, he saw u read this tweet
just thanked god that it’s friday. have u? like this tweet for one thank. remember, he saw u read this tweet
man u work a 9-5 at state farm take that sticky note off ur laptop camera the government isn’t watching u
fellas send her a “you up?” text right now she’s definitely up
not one thing in trail mix u find on a trail. i’m pissed off. fuck raisins
so what we get druuuunk so what we smoke weeeeed we’re just having fuuun we don’t care who sees &lt;3 

class of ‘19, but we 18! #seniors
how will i explain to my children that their father was once a twitter heartthrob
trying to get my friend back together with his gf so i can regain access to her hbo account and finish euphoria
my gf broke up with me after i lost a game of giant jenga at a bar
let me butterfly stroke into the hurricane i can stop it
one day i’m going to be extremely successful and sexy. goodnight
she’ll text u back bro she’s just doing her euphoria makeup
i miss the high i’d get when a girl entered my top 3 friends on snapchat cause it made it look like i got laid
just got mobbed on my way home by a group of college freshman demanding i buy them beer one choked me with his lanyard i’m literally shaking
grandma these cookies are cringe. oatmeal raisin? unsubscribed
i entered this world butt naked i was born a slut
what if we got engaged lol
i just wanna spend all my walgreens rewards points on her
nursing students, don’t forget to tell everyone u were assigned homework before ur first class
when i block u it’s not because u “triggered” me. picture it more as me slapping a mosquito on my wrist
news reporters be like “back to u dan”
y’all mind if i have a good week
i want to have sex with caucasian james
bob the builder had really clear skin
i need a gf that will help me run and maintain a successful amusement park on rollercoaster tycoon
ur bf got a raise at work but when’s the last time he raised ur spirits? something to think about
old people drive slow cause they know when they get home they’re not doing shit besides watching fox news
laying in the shower listening to sugar by brockhampton
i’m getting engaged today. not sure to who. but today’s the day i finally pop the big question
me and obama just sat down for 3 hours discussing how we can end juuling for good. isis was one thing, but this is a whole different animal
my son will be a tweeter, just like me. put down the book son and log on with ur father
my parents had sex so i could be born. so grateful for their sacrifice
i don’t have a bedtime. i do what i want. fuck u
my 12 year old cousin just bought a house after getting her girl scout cookies check. what are u doing with ur life
imagine falling in love getting married buying a house and the first thing she hangs up is a live laugh love sign
twitter is my diary. in my actual diary i write shit like “real eyes realize real lies”
yes, i shower naked. call me a slut. i don’t care
i don’t use umbrellas anymore natasha told me to feel the rain on my skin and that’s exactly what i’m going to do
just set up a dentist appointment over the phone my heart is racing
i’m so lonely. anyways u guys remember that show cory in the house
bro u coming to my gender reveal party this weekend? there’s gonna be a keg
i wanna date a soccer mom just so i can watch movies in her minivan. like fine i’ll make out with u now give me ur keys
to everyone with an outie belly button...keep ur head up. it’s not ur fault
i just wanna flex at six flags with a flash pass. that’s all i’m working for
y’all mind if i have a good week
all cats do is meow and piss
after being completely sober this weekend i’m honestly a changed man. i’m currently deciding what bible verse to put in my bio
ur man has a 401k i got $9.13 on venmo same shit
so ur just gonna text me asking how i’ve been while me and the boys are snuggled up watching a bug’s life
on my cutie patootie shit what’s new
sobbing
i will literally shit on ur juul
me: vodka soda please 

bartender: $10 

me: okay
i’m not drinking tonight but i’m still gonna text her and when she doesn’t respond i’m just gonna say “sorry wrong person i’m drunk lol”
now we present to u the gatorade spiked seltzer. giving u extra confidence before the big game
­
eating a tortilla just thinking
only jonathan van ness can judge me
another summer without being invited on a boat. well guess who perfected his backstroke. me
if my wedding is dead i’m just gonna have the dj start throwing out t-shirts
i really hope we never have flying cars. imagine walking home after a bad day and a kia soul flies over u blasting party rock anthem
i never went through a hollister or abercrombie phase growing up. i wasn’t a sheep. i was a lion that wore angry birds merch
student athletes close their eyes during sex and think about how they used to grab rim during high school gym class
i feel like me and sacagawea would’ve vibed while exploring the louisiana territory
she said she wants to get lost in my cargo shorts pockets
the things i’d text her off one four loko seltzer...
girl why do u smell like the old navy clearance rack
i wanna find love in a dave &amp; buster’s
imagining what it’s like to be able to do a math problem or read a map
i just wanna chill by the fire in a cave with my boys. i swear i was born in the wrong generation
could really use a snap from team snapchat right about now
a reality tv show based around me called bachelor in hell where girls come hang out in my apartment with no AC and food
runners be like “yeah i’m gonna go for a run”
all the people that left twitter are on instagram now dm’ing each other 6 month old tweets posted by fuckjerry
kia thought they snapped with those dancing hamsters
what’s the last thing scientists discovered? have they discovered anything lately?? i’m not afraid to cancel scientists
y’all mind if i have a good week
getting a girls name tatted on me just so it looks like i have an ex
i’ve decided not to tweet miley after her break up. i don’t think me and billy ray would catch a vibe
what happens in vegas stays in vegas. oh u saved someone’s life by performing cpr? don’t wanna hear it man
some of u never clogged ur gf’s parents toilet when they had u over for dinner and it shows
ass reduction surgery is so expensive fml
girls who were out till 4am are just waking up lips crusty as shit and are about to text the group chat “it’s mimosa time bitchesssss”
saying “james?” to my mom when i open her car door so people think it’s an uber
cavemen literally didn’t have alcohol they’d just be in the caves stone cold sober hitting on cavewomen by the fire
i’ve decided to stay in tonight. what are the bars gonna do? be mad?
on weekends i put cologne on my ass so my scent radiates off me when i twerk in the club
ur girl just watched me play fruit ninja then asked me what i’m up to this weekend...seemed a little flirtatious if i’m being honest
no lord farquaad energy will be tolerated today, so go ahead and leave that shit in duloc. now let’s have a friday
i’m ridin’ solo solo :)

summer 2019 &lt;3
“so blessed for having this opportunity” a summer intern captions their instagram after working for free all summer
just picked up a soda can on the sidewalk and threw it away. the ellen show should be reaching out any second
i hope shia labeouf is having a good day. i really mean that. i hope today is just extremely enjoyable for him
imagine being at the dog park and u hear someone yell “come here chad!” and their golden retriever just runs up
y’all be like “why did u delete this tweet?” because it didn’t get enough likes to satisfy my ego get a clue babe
horse girls gallop to booty calls
i don’t think i have body dysmorphia i think i’m legitimately just shaped weird
i would like to have money someday i think
me and zendaya are not dating. i understand how a believable rumor like this could spread but it’s not true. unless...
i’m honestly extremely attractive
i would have a gf if i didn’t tear my acl in high school
arnold was called a football head every single day and remained completely unphased. so go ahead call me a slut. i’m on that arnold energy
sobbing while i play hot cross buns on the recorder
sometimes u gotta pop a zit just to feel something
sharks be like “yo we’re actually pretty chill lol”
meeting my number neighbor in the alley behind pizza hut tonight. he said to come alone so there’s more food for us at the buffet lol truuuu
still levitating from all the secondhand juul smoke i inhaled at lollapalooza when will this end i just wanna walk again
sorry for not tweeting my mom needed the computer
really? ur not gonna celebrate national girlfriend day?? after all that they do to defend OUR country??? i’m SICK
hey i noticed ur bf didn’t make a national girlfriend day post...u guys good? u can come over later and talk about it if u want aha
just another day of being sexy. what can u do lol
what if we dated lol
one day i’m gonna jet ski butt ass naked into the sunset and you’ll never see me again
i miss my mom. i miss being in the womb honestly. great vibes in there
obama follows 613k people on twitter and i’m not one of them. it’s hard not to feel disrespected
majority of my instagram feed is just girls trying to make their bf look like an angel. girl ur not his gf ur his PR team
so ur just gonna text me u miss me mid quesadilla
when ur a kid u think every movie is good i remember watching evan almighty and being like “yeah that was solid”
.@DrPhil what’s wrong with me lol
hey, i noticed ur doing better than me. could u stop lol. thanks
damn girl are u from tennessee? cause i love nashville. i was there for a cousin’s wedding a few years back
dudes will propose to their girl in an under armour sweatshirt and see no issue
according to instagram i’m all caught up. but damn i’m not all caught up on u girl how’ve u been
gonna go walk through a car wash whatever happens happens
they really just said fuck it and named their rock camp “camp rock”
last night was a movie. camp rock to be exact
hey i’m having a party but the theme is no AC let’s get sweaty
can u guys actually stop juuling i care about u
oh ur hanging with ur gf today? that’s cool man. i’ll just remember that next time u ask me for a ride to zumba
i love asking people with golden retrievers “what kind of dog is this”
just got a text from my doctor. said my cholesterol levels are lookin real nice. oh did that turn u on? my bad lol
i wanna hold someone’s hand tonight
boobs lol
me: u look comfy 

my bed: 

(my bed can’t talk. that’s why it didn’t say anything)
sweden just wants to keep asap rocky because they’ve never seen a man that beautiful before
i get hotter every day just like our planet
when i’m on the monkey bars she’s no longer on my mind
real friends say “remember when u got a hole in one on the 8th hole in wii golf” extra loud when hot girls walk by
in the hooters bathroom trying to get it together the waitress called me cute my heart is beating out of my chest
topanga’s parents snapped when they named her topanga
my future wife is definitely getting it on with her man right now. u go babe. remember to spell coconut &lt;3
is it just me or is the vibe off? can y’all let me know when it’s back on lol
can i be the bachelor but instead of talking to the women in real life i just tweet at them instead
i bet grumpy cat and abe lincoln are just kickin it in heaven rn
if the dude she tells u not to worry about has succulents u should be very worried
when i retire i’m running shit at the tennis courts idc if barb is 82 recovering from hip replacement surgery i’m charging the net
at wendy’s looking for a frosty and a gf
about to make a quesadilla. fuck u
sorry for being hot lol
venmoing random people “brunch” to make it look like i have friends
tonight we pregame to peppa pig
girls in high school didn’t start hitting me up till i beat the gym teacher in badminton
dudes will talk shit online but won’t play u in air hockey in real life
it’s friday and the sun is out just know i’m shaking ass
my iphone battery is now sufficiently charged. u sure u don’t want me
studies show that 100% of couples that post about their 6 month anniversary don’t make it another 6 months
if u go to an ivy league school unfollow me i can’t have nerds reading my tweets
is see ur eating brown rice. is that cause u think ur fat? cause ur not. u could be eating white rice if u wanted to
put me in the friend zone i’ll dougie out of it
the number 69 is funny because it’s a sex position
stranger things 4 is gonna open with will byers doing a keg stand first night of college
y’all mind if i have a good day
why am i shaped like the demogorgon
i see the way she looks at chester cheetah. i’ll never be good enough. i’ll never be him
just got suspended 10 games in my kickball league after testing positive for cbd. absolutely devastated
dudes be like “raid area 51” bro raid ur fridge that queso in the back expired 8 months ago
sorry i didn’t text back i was on edna mode
just finished stranger things. don’t text
why do people talk to dogs like they’re babies? u think it understands u? why don’t u bark at it and have a real conversation
girls will send u nudes, sexts, whatever. idc about that. can u rally with me on a ping pong table? show me ur backhand. not ur butt
what if i redownloaded tinder. would u swipe right. would u super like me. would u play tennis with me
my relationship advice? if they don’t catch ur vibe...that’s on them. go pick it up and throw it to someone else
u can dougie to the stranger things theme song if u focus
villains be like “any last words?” bro stfu nobody likes u
if stranger things was in the 90’s and all the kids had bop its as weapons all this would’ve ended in season one
people get engaged just so they can get 232 likes and 22 comments on facebook
people get engaged just so they can get 232 likes and 22 comments on facebook
s/o to the amish. ride that horse. plow that field. churn that butter. go off today baby
kendall jenner doesn’t like my instagram posts so i’m not going to like hers
i’m done chasing celebs it’s time i finally go after what i deserve: med school students
fellas text her “why do u gotta be so smexy” right now trust me
i just need a gf that will push me on the swings once u get me going i’m good i just need a lil help to start
all the girls from high school and college that chased the athletes now wish they chased me, the tweeter with mild acne
nobody’s recognizing me cause i gained 46 pounds this past week i have to dougie just to prove it’s me
are u breaking up with me because of my farmers tan yes or no
i don’t think alex morgan is actually married i think she just made that up so i’d stop messaging her
butt ass naked listening to blonde
look babe, it’s simple. if u can’t catch a vibe with my BOYS, i’m not gonna catch feelings for YOU
i’m not addicted to drugs. but i am addicted to catching a vibe with the boys
i used to beliebe. not sure i do anymore
it’s time to support the usa women’s soccer team. if they win i’ll be sending each player a twerk video in my american flag booty shorts
please don’t flirt with me on here. i’m here to tweet. not mingle with women
i wanna be an astronaut just cause i think a pic of me on the moon would do pretty well on instagram
girl i’m making s’mores text me tomorrow i need to focus
just know my hot girl summer is in full effect
i’m just curious how much my ass would’ve jiggled during that california earthquake i guess we’ll never know
if u didn’t pee in a large body of water yesterday ur 4th of july sucked ass
it’s the 5th of july and i’m feeling flirty
what if i find love at the 4th of july parade. what if she throws a tootsie roll from her float and i catch it
what if we made out at the macy’s 4th of july sale
instagram’s down which is preventing me from responding “that should be me” to her story of her and her bf snuggling at his cabin
u guys really think i won’t hit the hay right now. watch me
happy one year anniversary babe. so glad when i threw my vibe out that one night u caught it. wouldn’t wanna vibe with anyone else. love u
rack city isn’t real tyga was talking about boobs
watching the US women’s soccer team falling in love every time the cameraman zooms in on a player
if we date i will always make time for u. even on busy days i will skype u off the mcdonald’s wifi when my data is too low to facetime
idk who needs to hear this but ur baby isn’t special it’s just gonna play jv basketball and work a desk job
the things i’d do to have an ice cold drink in my hand at the wii sports resort right now...
u think a brontosaurus saw that asteroid coming and was like ok lemme eat one more leaf
did it hurt when u fell from heaven? it had to. like how are u even alive lol
girls will help u build a family but won’t help u build a beer can pyramid with the boys...really makes u think
do any NBA players wanna give me like $20
i don’t cry on sunday nights in the summer i save that shit for the winter cause there’s nothing else to do
just trying to be facebook official with someone’s daughter
booty shorts: on
just got the thumbs up from obama. we’re drinking today
ass cheeks: out
my armpits aren’t sweating i just spilled my drink on both
me: wanna go out tonight 

simon cowell: it’s a no from me 

me: ok
trying to win her back
ur mcm is mean. just not a friendly guy
y’all mind if i start drinking
ur sunburn turns into a tan and all of a sudden people start hitting u up
me: 

foot locker employee: let me see if we got ur size in the back
hot girl summer. city girl summer. whatever. just know i’m shaking ass
u tell a girl ur doodle jump high score and she starts acting different smh when will i find true love
home depot girls will ruin ur life. they’ll build u a tree house just to kiss another man in it. i’m DONE
feel like pure shit just wish i could have flappy bird back
if anyone tries robbing me in the middle of the night just be prepared to see my ass cheeks
indiana jones why not wisconsin jones
girls ur bf is gone for the weekend and the lil caesars man knocks on ur door and says “pizza pizza” wyd
hey haters, HABS. that’s right. HAVE A BAD SUMMER
so ur just gonna remember the titans but forget to text me back
do u guys remember that show spongebob with the squirrel and shit
crying in the shower i’m not even sad i’m just sunburnt
would it be weird to ask a girl to rub aloe on ur sunburn after the first date
would it be weird to ask a girl to rub aloe on ur sunburn after the first date
does anyone wanna go for a walk and maybe brush shoulders a few times to make our hearts race
okay but why is caucasian james super cute...has anyone else noticed this???
christian rap be like “y’all spread rumors, i spread the word of the lord”
i’m mostly excited for the new lion king cause we get to see scar’s snake ass get launched off a cliff in HD
was jesus on adderall? that man never stopped spreading the word of the lord
i tatted ur name on my buttcheek please respond
sitting in the shower. water not even running. just thinking
yes i’m wearing the same outfit as yesterday. what are u gonna do? be mad?
i shouldn’t be looking this hot on a sunday lord forgive me
y’all mind if i have a hot girl summer
fellas it’s the first night of summer time to take a chance on that girl ask her if she wants to go laser tagging tomorrow
if i date my landlord u think my rent will go down
didn’t get drafted into the NBA so now i’m pretty much fucked
fellas we’re not sending her good morning texts anymore we’re sending her good afternoon texts
if ur asleep right now ur probably a nerd ur probably doing math homework in ur dream right now
my mom is ghosting me the pain i’m feeling rn is indescribable
my first word was “baddie”
still not really sure how to smile in photos. would prefer if nobody asked me to be in a photo again. thanks
if u see me in public with headphones in mind ur business i’m probably listening to hollaback girl ready to throw hands
college kids never know what to tweet about in the summer since they can no longer say “hope a car hits me on my way to class”
i velcro my shoes. take a deep breath. and head out the door. it’s a new day. i got this
sometimes u just gotta say “oh what the heck” and keep moving
god please gmail me back
right before the world ends i’m gonna text her one last “wyd”
imagine getting murdered season 1 of game of thrones ned stark really fumbled the bag
alright mom i cleaned my room now can i please black out with the boys this weekend
how would i describe myself in 2 words? motel pool
just politely asked my acne to knock it off. excited to see tomorrow’s results
i’m over zendaya idk who that is miranda cosgrove please text me
accidentally just ate a raisin. don’t text
just sobbing at the sunset in public
i hate on lord farquaad a lot but the man did have clear skin i’ll give him that
some of y’all eat so healthy it disgusts me
if i ever see mike wazowski lurking in my room i’m punting him out the window i don’t wanna hear ur dumbass jokes
hanging my foot off the edge of my bed trying to seduce a monster to come chill with me for a bit just need someone to talk to
if i viewed ur instagram story in the first minute that wasn’t me that was north playing games on my phone
cereal for dinner and i’m not even mad about it if u can’t handle this life don’t text me baby
she said she likes a man who knows how to accessorize...well guess who just stole a fresh pair of 3D glasses from the movie theater. me
if she knew how many walgreens rewards points i had i like to think things would be different between us
y’all mind if i have a good week
woke up with acne. again. god really gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers
tonight we tuck our father’s in
caucasian james: twitter heartthrob, insta baddie, astronaut school student
happy father’s day dad we didn’t talk much this year but we should totally hang this summer
i’m feeling flirty as hell haha woah :) 

what the heck :) 

hey :)
just spilled my drink at the pregame. got boo’d out of the apartment. feeling absolutely sick to my stomach
defeating the huns just to impress her
yes i’m attracted to myself. i grab my own ass all the time
jesus snapped when he turned that water into wine
if u unfollowed me cause i didn’t follow back...honestly that’s fair fuck me
give a man a fish and u feed him for a day. teach a man how to dougie and u feed him for a lifetime
if u see a turtle in the road get out of ur car and ask what the hell it’s doing
politely asking everyone at the beach to leave so i don’t have to feel insecure about my pale skin
buy ur dad a pair of nikes and he’ll wear them for a day. buy ur dad a pair of new balances and he’ll wear them for life
MY HIPS HAVE NEVER LIED. GO AHEAD PUT THEM THROUGH A LIE DETECTOR TEST SEE WHAT HAPPENS
girls tweeting me saying shit like “date me” GIRL! u live in idaho. what are we gonna do? skype from ur potato farm LMFAOOOOOO
one day i’m gonna have a gf and she’s gonna be super cool and hot and we’ll go laser tagging and stuff
i need a gf to film my parkour videos
probably not gonna see toy story 4 they’ve made 3 movies and there hasn’t been one bop it appearance i’m tired of the disrespect
i know i called u carl wheezer thicc but i was just trying to flirt
teens today are more dangerous than ever constantly caffeinated off of ice coffee trying to be their favorite youtube vlogger
what happened to the good ol’ days when things were good and ol’
i’d do a ‘16 ‘17 ‘18 ‘19 post but i look exactly the same i was hot then and i’m hot now
ur mcm just graduated college and has no job just know that he’s trying his best and will find one soon it takes time
i’m a strong ambassador of the socks and sandals movement
u arrive to the pearly gates and god is wearing cargo shorts do u just turn around and go to hell
whenever i need to be humbled i just think about how much more money that gavin kid has than me
if u see me log into facebook just know i’m going through it
horses don’t even use shampoo or conditioner they just stunt on us naturally every single day
eating sour skittles and completely destroying the inside of my mouth just to feel something
how am i supposed to play wii tennis when the mii i’m serving to is fine as hell
how am i supposed to play wii tennis when the mii i’m serving to is fine as hell
imagining what it’s like to be tan
damn girl u don’t have to wear all that makeup with calves like that
stan lizzo
miranda cosgrove please give me a chance
sharkboy and e-girl
go ahead, give me a ticket, i’ll just unfollow ur police dog on instagram
texting her HAGS. it’s the only hope i have left
fellas now’s the time to gmail her and see what she’s up to this weekend
four loko and a lunchable it must be friday
petition to have rebecca black sing the national anthem at this year’s super bowl
ur grandpa’s wcw is really named agnes lmfaooooo
i’ve had 2 drinks that’s it i’m going all in i’m facetiming her
while y’all are sleeping i’m working on my posture
somewhere out there a senior in high school used a snapchat filter in their senior photo i just know it
she just asked if i wanna come over i said totes mcgoats
it’s officially that time of year again when u listen to fergie with the windows rolled down
imagine spending millions on a movie and naming it “cloudy with a chance of meatballs”
she just sent me the raccoon emoji i’m totally getting laid
did u just log into my netflix @barackobama
does anyone wanna come over and take photo booth pics on my macbook and upload them to facebook
guess who was just elected mayor of baddieville. me
god called. told me how many people are praying on my downfall and that it’s time to stunt on them. i said thank u god. i will
she’s hot but she’s not shego from kim possible hot
u can break my heart but u can’t break my wii
stealing a target cement sphere and rolling it to her house to show my love for her
the new lion king looks good but i just can’t imagine it will be better than spy kids 3-D. at least not from a visual effects perspective
makes u wonder if princess jasmine ever thought “do i like him or do i just like his magic carpet”
she left me after seeing my bank account...bet she wouldn’t have been so quick to run if she knew about my $21.67 venmo balance
idk why but something tells me that flo from progressive is praying on my downfall
please follow back @peppapig
new week, same me. although my ass does seem to be getting bigger
damn girl we should totally smell candles together sometime
when i’m off that cbd that’s the real me
do u think the postmates delivery man will tuck me in if i ask nicely
so ur trying to tell me godzilla didn’t take one dump during that entire movie c’mon show us what we want to see
about to grab dinner with jake paul. we’re gonna figure out how to stop this cyber bullying thing for good
did u sleep in my twin bed with him yes or no
weed socks: out 

juul socks: in
at church praying for a gf
got a bloody nose mid conversation with a girl god is just having fun with me at this point
s/o to bagels. s/o to cream cheese
imagine someone asking to put their number in ur phone and u hand them ur android
gay rights!!!
just realized i’m far too pale to go on anyone’s boat today. good thing nobody invited me
alright who do i have to make out with to get on a boat today
i’m not gonna text her tonight but i will endorse her skills on linkedin
plankton was an idiot for not serving booze at the chum bucket happy hour there would’ve been a hit with karen playing today’s top hits
i’ve never parallel parked in my life who do u think i am ricky bobby
a lot of u were using the snapchat dog filter in ur avi and i’m glad u got through whatever u were going through
i’m on that rebecca black energy today it’s friday baby
at the end of the day i’m just a baddie with feelings
i just eat cereal and mind my business
if u own a house before 25 that just means u have an unneeded adderall prescription i’m not impressed
princess jasmine probably had a hummer limo yet she still rode on that carpet we stan an environmentally friendly queen
if they don’t roast pennywise’s broke ass for living in the sewer in the next IT movie i’m gonna be disappointed
i’ve decided to rebrand as a bad boy

beer. wings. boobs. buffalo wild wings
pulling up to her house on my roomba
bury me with my bop it and make sure to replace the batteries. i’m gonna be bored as hell in my grave
buzzed heelying is drunk heelying. get a ride home
calling it now barb and the demogorgon will have a makeout scene in stranger things 3
does anyone wanna have a summer fling i can push u on the swing at the park and stuff we can also get ice cream but u have to pay for ur own
me: 

caucasian woman: wish i was as tan as i am in the shower
so ur just gonna put me in the friend zone while i’m getting an oil change at autozone
my mom said i can swear on twitter now so it’s essentially over for all of u at this point
never make fun of my cuffed pants again just cause u don’t have perfectly chiseled ankles doesn’t mean u gotta take it out on me
game of thrones ended and u guys lost half of ur personality...tragic
girls if u really liked him would u wii bowl with him after the first date
redownloading tinder to find a girl to rub aloe on my sunburn
y’all mind if i bring sexy back
y’all mind if i bring sexy back
i would never go on the bachelorette i know i would sob on national tv after not getting a rose first ep
excuse me, but i suffer from allergies, so why don’t u try being a little bit nicer to me
proud to announce that i’ve just been accepted into school school where i will learn how to go to school
100 days until i say i do. i’m not engaged or even dating anyone but i’ve decided i’ll be getting married in 100 days. i have butterflies
does anyone wanna get engaged for facebook likes
what if we kissed at the memorial day parade
just got grounded for not wearing sunscreen this weekend. don’t text
if anyone makes fun of my sunburn i’m calling the cops
sunburnt as hell just thinking
hey guys, checking in 

(extremely beyoncé voice) i’ve been drinking, i’ve been drinking
sometimes u just gotta rock a crop top to remind everyone u don’t have an outie belly button
just facetimed barack. he didn’t answer but texted me that he’ll call me in a sec. i’ll let u guys know what the move is tonight in a bit
somewhere out there there’s a mall cop just ripping through kohl’s on his segway
that caucasian james lad is cute is he single
me: come over 

zoo keeper gf: can’t i have to feed the polar bears 

me: damn ok
it’s been hard not to have trust issues ever since the peppa pig finale
eating lunch thinking about miranda cosgrove
idk how to hug girls so i just dap them up
it’s thirsty thursday and u know what i’m thirsty for? a hug from one of my homies
alright i’m hitting the hay. goodnight to everyone except nursing students arkansas and alabama
lord farquaad is actually 5’4 with nike shox on girls don’t sleep
fellas it’s not all about looks. u gotta own plants n shit too
just found out she’s going to his lake house for memorial day weekend does anyone want a ticket to flo rida
don’t judge me till you’ve walked a mile in my jeans and thong sandals
can we get a lil uzi ted talk
will someone please come read me goodnight moon i can make toast
can u program a roomba to tuck u in
in the uber thinking about jg wentworth
yes i can out twerk ur gf. but that doesn’t mean u still shouldn’t love her
going to space sounds terrible honestly. no wii sports
dudes who won the 5th grade spelling bee will really be in girls ears at the bar whispering “i won the 5th grade spelling bee” bro move on
i need a gf that will read me picture books before bed
crazy how i just decided i’m gonna have a good day
bad news guys. me and kacey musgraves are no longer dating. she just told me she’s married??? can’t believe this
zendaya had her chance. now i’m dating the hottest singer on the planet aka KACEY MUSGRAVES. life’s good
can’t believe me and kacey musgraves are dating now
crazy how things cost money
if any mosquitoes are reading this i just wanna let u know i’m not playing games this summer 

sent from OFF! bug spray bottle
got earwax on her earbud after we listened to no air by jordin sparks together there’s no coming back from this
the game of thrones writers are probably just kickin it at six flags rn totally unbothered they probably got a flash pass too
damn girl u seem pretty upset about game of thrones. wanna come over and talk about it aha
RIP daddy pig. can’t believe this shit #PeppaPigFinale
most awkward sex scene ever #PeppaPigFinale
peppa has officially lost her mind #PeppaPigFinale
women are good
my grandma: 

me: so how about all this youtube drama
looking for a gf
just drank a gatorade so i have enough energy to walk to taco bell
last episode of peppa pig tonight. i got a feeling i’m not gonna like how it ends
how to win her heart:

1. light a candle 
2. dim the lights 
3. softly play super bass by nicki minaj
alright this might be a stretch at this time of night but does anyone wanna play kickball
i’ve been drinking @FBI
pour out a four loko for grumpy cat
let’s make the most of the night like we’re gonna die young &lt;3
at the farmers market in my booty shorts
crazy how people get married and then they’re like nvm
chucky the doll stopped scaring me once i realized he probably can’t put back one bud light without blacking out
haters don’t read this unless u want ur night to be ruined
.
.
.
.
.
i’m staying in tonight so i can enjoy my saturday tomorrow
talk to women sober i don’t think so
might fuck around and cancel alabama
imagine how hyped mosquitos are for summer just ready to risk it all for some blood outside dairy queen
butt ass naked listening to IGOR
keep liking my pics on facebook and we’re gonna end up at olive garden
if ur gonna bring bad vibes to the chill zone (my room) that’s not gonna go over well with me
do u guys think i’m cool? if i was sitting alone in the mall food court would u sit with me
it’s crazy how life is crazy
sorry i didn’t text back i was off that tylenol extra strength
an amish girl just sat next to me on the train my heart is racing there’s just something about a woman that churns her own butter
can’t even get mad at the demogorgon. that thing is ugly and broke. i’d act up too
mom please hurry up i don’t feel comfortable
we need to bring #blessed back. just ate a lunchable and got an extra slice of cheese #blessed
whoever started the rumor that i’m not chillin rn is straight up lying
sorry can’t hang this summer i’ll be too busy getting that lemonade stand money
girls text him “i wanna get lost in ur cargo shorts pockets” trust me
just hit my gangnam style for the first time in years. i feel amazing. gonna shoot her a text
my life’s a movie and it’s spy kids 3D
so when i make a twerk video u say it’s cute but when girls make a twerk video u call them a whore? that’s fucked up call me a whore
i could’ve been named keith man any of us could’ve remember to be thankful
frank ocean’s instagram is the only thing that brings me joy
i’m not hiring a wedding photographer me and my wife will say i do holding selfie sticks
for real tho this season of peppa pig has been trash
imagine naming ur kid daenerys
voldemort ur so dumb just take harry’s glasses ur honestly so stupid i can’t stand u
ok who’s watching peppa pig right now??? wtf is going on!!!
am i smarter than a 5th grader? absolutely not
took my “mom” laser tagging and in the middle of combat she tells me i’m adopted. more than broken
her bf just gave her a promise ring i’m in so much pain
moms are good
letting my mom play on my xbox
realistically speaking my mom probably isn’t the best mom in the world. she’s pretty good tho
at the club giving a powerpoint presentation
obama called. just congratulated me for being the most powerful online james
nothing makes me smash that like button harder than lil uzi fit pics
my life’s a movie and it’s rated R. that’s right. no teens allowed
james charles cancelled? making me the most powerful online james?? lemme hit my dougie real quick
u got ur masters i got my swag i’ll let u decide what matters more
i never liked wearing a cap and gown it did nothing for my body’s natural curves
it’s friday bring ur baseball glove cause i’m throwing out vibes baby
i think i have feelings for the girl filter version of me
can u guys believe nurses made national nurses week the same week as mother’s day? nurses don’t care about moms pass it on
rule number one fellas, never date a girl from ur zumba class
in my snuggie just thinking
can u ask my mom if we can go to the strip club she’ll say no if i ask
no one: 

middle school me: let’s make a trick shot video
don’t ride uber or lyft today. support the drivers on strike that have to listen to ur drunk ass sob in the backseat every weekend
4.0 this semester? unfollow me. if u truly cared about me or twitter u wouldn’t have gotten straight A’s
need someone to break my heart so i can sob on instagram live
momo fell off
so ur just gonna make me angry in my angry birds shirt
mom can u take some pics of me jumping on the neighbors trampoline on ur ipad i’m trying to post on the gram
has anyone picked up zendaya’s glass slipper yet is it too late
still haven’t seen endgame if there’s no captain underpants i’m really not trying to get involved
butt ass naked eating shredded cheese out of the bag just trying to erase her from my memory
it’s national nurses week? they gave themselves a WEEK??? LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO
not having to bring my backpack to the last day of elementary school was the last time i truly felt free
need to start watching bob’s burgers again gotta get that tina energy back into my life
there’s a hollaback girl in all of us. unleash her
just asked her if she wanted to come over and play connect four. left on read. completely broken right now
love how ostriches don’t have rights. just straight up not allowed to walk into a mcdonald’s and order off the dollar menu
u can’t just hit me with a draw 4 in uno and not expect to be taken off my close friends list on instagram
i got 3 words for u haters: expecto patronum bitch
santa isn’t real. love isn’t real
at the bar imagining what it’s like to be in love
personally, i find drinking to be an enjoyable experience
the plan: be fully intoxicated before the sun goes down
the amount of security camera footage of me picking wedgies has to be insane
i can’t even lie man ur girl was checking my ass out at the farmers market
mom can u pick me up the dj won’t play hollaback girl
girls take one shot of ciroc and start acting like london tipton
somewhere out there there’s a former kidz bop star getting absolutely shitfaced tonight
obama i know u have tea. spill it
yeah ur bf just bought a home but guess who lil jon follows on twitter. me
proud to announce that i’ve been accepted into basketball school and will now work towards becoming a professional basketball player
would be cool if vegetables tried to taste better. feel like they’re not giving it their all
dudes can tap a keg but can’t tap their girl on the shoulder and ask if she needs anything from cvs
go ahead break up with me i’ll just post ridin solo by jason derulo on my instagram story
he used to cheat off me in algebra just like he’s gonna cheat on u
ur man doesn’t care about the earth just like he doesn’t care about u
when ur jojo siwa poster doesn’t scan at self checkout and an employee has to come help u &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
don’t take off my fedora without my permission. idc if we’re having sex
don’t take off my fedora without my permission. idc if we’re having sex
legend has it the kid that used to walk the mile is still walking
u can always hear me coming when the wheels on my rolling backpack hit the cracks on the sidewalk
it’s been hard not to have trust issues ever since lotso bear switched up in toy story 3
none of us actually know why the chicken crossed the road. don’t speak on it unless u have all the facts
hoping all nursing students ace their finals so they can all graduate and shut up
burry me in my nike elite socks i want to ball in heaven
sobbing to radio disney
does anyone have kacey musgraves number it’s for a class project
i’m single haha
i’m gonna propose to my girl sitting cris cross applesauce
my high school: *serves 2 day old reheated pizza for lunch*

high school me: oh hell yeah
new week same baddie
when rihanna said “we found love in a hopeless place” she was referring to arkansas
“100 days until we say i do” lmao nobody gives a fuck
i don’t need to be verified. a blue check mark doesn’t make me a baddie. my ass does
just took a shot of tequila does anyone wanna grind to get low by lil jon
my ass looks amazing and the haters are doing everything in their power to keep me in tonight
girls have one cold brew and start wedding planning without a bf
y’all mind if i hit the hay
my acne is not invited to the party tonight but will still probably show up
drinking the pain away. don’t text
sending thanos a strongly worded email
why doesn’t anyone just give thanos a pepsi
she played me like hot cross buns on the recorder
might skip dinner and get absolutely wrecked off 2 white claws
hey man heard ur mom needed help bringing in the groceries earlier and u kept playing xbox. that’s fucked up 

*electric scooters away*
